Add a note on how to make GraalVM binaries work on macOS Catalina (#4484)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/building-native-image-guide.adoc

to do so.
====

[NOTE]
====

> GraalVM binaries are not (yet) notarized for macOs Catalina as reported in this https://github.com/oracle/graal/issues/1724[GraalVM issue].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraalVM binaries are not (yet) notarized for macOS Catalina as reported in this https://github.com/oracle/graal/issues/1724[GraalVM issue].
```

Author: > Added some suggestions.

Thanks, I have taken them into account.

> To bypass the issue, it is advised run the below command instead of disabling macOs Gatekeeper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To bypass the issue, it is recommended to run the below command instead of disabling macOS Gatekeeper entirely:
```

[source,shell]
-----
xattr -r -d com.apple.quarantine $HOME/Development/graalvm <1>
-----

> 1. Recursively delete `com.apple.quarantine` extended attribute, on GraalVM root directory `$HOME/Development/graalvm` we setup above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Recursively delete the `com.apple.quarantine` extended attribute on the GraalVM root directory `$HOME/Development/graalvm` we set up above.
```
